## Python Weather Program

Program for retrieving weather information from https://api.weather.gov

Functions defined, working:
- Close program
- Daily "next 24 hour" report
- Weekly report
- Current alerts

## Requirements
- geocoder
- json
- requests
- socket
- sys

## Updates (as of 10/13/2024)
- Added try / except block to weekly report
    - Funtions between weekly and daily report are similar, so added in the same spot.

## Updates (as of 10/12/2024)
- Added alerts, search by state abbreviation (NC, CA, NY,)
    - With the backend used for geocoder, could not find a way to get 2-letter state abbreviations, asks for user input instead.
    - When entered, uses https://api.weather.gov/alerts/active?area={state} to retrieve alerts for a given state.
          1. Check for alerts by seeing if variable alert_data is empty or not
          2. If not, print information for alert (title, description, urgency, severity, area
    - Initially had issues getting information to print, due to the different structure of the JSON data - the location of the data in the file is slightly inconsistent to the other URLs.
    
- Added user input checking
    - Added for input to get current weather alerts for a state, takes user input and converts to UPPERCASE (URL does not work with lowercase entries)

- Added 'try / except' to menu system
    - Added in case of bad user input, program will not crash
    - "While the menu is active, try getting user input, if selected value is valid, continue, if not, display error"

- Removed comments no longer needed (debugging / todo)
    - Only used for testing retrieved input from api.weather.gov and for checking variables

- Updated variable names again for more consistent naming

- Updated whitespacing for more consistency and readability
  
- Improved output readability

- Updated README.md correctly this time
    - Not all working functions were listed correctly last time

## Updates (as of 10/11/2024)
- Changed naming of variable 'ip' to 'geo' for more consistent naming
  
- Added weekly report
    - Weekly report lists information for a "detailed" forecast, which tells more detail similarly to how a news station might read out a report.
        1. Create an API request for URL https://api.weather.gov/points
        2. Get URLs containing information for weekly report, print day and detailed information only
        3. Store request in a variable, where we can print the information needed.
           
- Added daily (next 24 hours) report (due to similar code to weekly report)
    - This gives access to weekly and hourly reports
    - "Daily" report works as a "24-hours" report in the program. Output limited to current hour and next 23 entries, from the hundreds generated by the API.
    - Output for this is slightly different (no "detailed" report available - rest of JSON structure remained mostly the same) compared to the normal report, but the request works similarly.
        - Due to this, output looks slightly different.
    - Output shows information from JSON response, if recieved. Includes start time (time when report is written for), short forecast, temperature, and wind speed

## Known Issues (as of 10/13/2024)
- Precipitation chance not listed in hourly report
    - Could not get to print correctly. Left out of final code commit.
